Have those times been taken care of?
All done. All of them.
Have you discussed it with Mr. Ye?
Which families does he plan to give these houses to?
Mr. Ye has not had time to agree to these contracts.
To which families? Which families?
In the future, you can rise in my country.
We need to have a good relationship with these families.
Then we can gain more trust from Mr. Ye.
I agree. Did you know?
All of them. Mr. Ye chose our bank,
That's after we remember it.
This opportunity with my current boyfriend,
We must protect mine.
I actually know why I didn’t ask for it
Mr. Ye deliberately adjusted
All the families in Yangzhou City
In order not to block their plans
I didn't discuss it with you in advance
Mr. Ye wants to prove peace
Yangzhou became the foundation
Build an iron-clad business dynasty
All become guardians
The big red in the game
I invite Mr. Ye to come in and meet with you.
I should go out myself
After Mr. Ye’s arrangement,
Yangzhou City will usher in
Changes in Qianbanjifu
Let me keep witnessing
this great moment